---
layout: post
title: Project 3 - Executive Summary
---
When dealing with real estate in the Ames, Iowa area- it is important to
consider several elements when dealing with the data your firm provided. One of
the most important findings in the data was that factors such as the size of
the home would not have the biggest impact on house price, as was expected.
Even more so, it was important to recognize that the hottest location for sales
was also not the most expensive. This immediately shows that finding valuable
real estate for your firm is dependent on crucial data.

From my findings, real estate sales will be declining rapidly over the course
of the next few years. Given this information, it is important that you lead
you and your clients to invest in the most valuable property now so you can
benefit later.

It is important to take note of this sale decline because it shows us that now
is the time to push to buy and sell in the hottest neighborhoods with the most
sales occurring. These neighborhoods include NAmes, CollgCr, OldTown, Edwards.
It is also important to note that these homes are not the most expensive in
the Ames, Iowa market so they have more of a draw than more expensive
properties.

Since this decline is sales is occuring, it is also important to make sure that
you invest in real estate that is profitable for when the property is not
selling. The most valuable neighborhoods are NoRidge, NridgeHt, and StoneBr.

In conclusion: Investing in the right properties at the right time will lead to
successful investing for both your firm and your clients. Now is the time to buy
and sell, and eventually you can buy more expensive properties when the market
has slowed down.
